README.md, before:

# Hello World

Hello, GitHub community!! This is and was my first repository ever created from my collegiate days. It serves two purposes: (1) to provide an "about me" introduction to myself as a software engineer and (2) intermittently update and showcase some various hello world programs in different languages I have used.

## About Me

My name is Victor Frye. For brevity, recruiters and technical scouts can visit me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/victorfrye) to find an active, up-to-date profile.

## Program

My first program was a C# console application in 2017 that is found below. This was created in my Introduction to Programming course at Davenport University.

```csharp
// A simple hello world program in C#
using System;

public class HelloWorld
{
    public static void main(String[] args)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hello, world!");
    }
}
```

I have enjoyed revisiting the hello world program in different languages and frameworks. Samples of these programs can be found [here](./samples/)

Commit message:

docs: update readme
Signed-off-by: Victor Frye <victorfrye@outlook.com>

README.md, after:

### Hello from Grand Rapids! 👋

I'm Vic, your friendly neighborhood technologist.

- 💼 I'm currently working professionally as a software development consultant
- 🔭 I’m currently working on a personal website utilizing typescript, react.js, and vite.js
- 🌱 I’m currently learning web development, devops automation, and cloud infrastructure
- 📘 I'm currently on a learning journey and pursuing certifications with Microsoft Azure
- 📫 Get in touch with me on [Threads](https://threads.net/@thevictorfryeadventure), [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/victorfrye), or send me an [email](mailto:victorfrye@outlook.com)
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- ☕ Fun fact: Obsessed and powered by coffee

#### First Program

My first program was a C# console application in 2017 that is found below. This was created in my Introduction to Programming course at Davenport University.

```csharp
// A simple hello world program in C#
using System;

public class HelloWorld
{
    public static void main(String[] args)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hello, world!");
    }
}
```

I have enjoyed recreating hello world programs in different languages and frameworks for myself and as a demonstration of languages I have familiarity with. Samples of these programs can be found [here](./samples/)
